GitLab tutorials complete Oct 8, 2020
Original account https://github.com/corycarte started May 2014. Went fairly unused until 2019


Question 1 

coryc@NZXT MINGW64 ~/projects/school/assignment2 (master)
$ git status > docs/status.txt

coryc@NZXT MINGW64 ~/projects/school/assignment2 (master)
$ git add .; git commit -m "status.txt document added for step 3 of assign# 3"
warning: LF will be replaced by CRLF in docs/status.txt.
The file will have its original line endings in your working directory
[master 2ef9c0e] status.txt document added for step 3 of assign# 3
 1 file changed, 9 insertions(+)
 create mode 100644 docs/status.txt

 Question 2

8 commits (including the two I have completed) have been done to the repo

Question 3

Empty README.md was created Sep 25, 2019
command used: git log

Question 4

1.  Branches are used in git repos when working in a team setting. An engineer 
    can make required changes to the code, merge their changes locally onto all 
    the work completed concurrently with theirs and push back to origin
2.  Branches would be necessary in a Dictator/Lieutenants workflow. Each developer 
    would make a indidividual branch to merge to the main lieutenant branch, and 
    each lieutenant would need a branch to merge into the dictator main branch, 
    which could then be pushed into the primary (blessed) repo.

Question 5

git log:    Used to retrieve all previous commit messages. The log contains information 
            on the user that made the commit (name and email address), the date of the commit, 
            and the hash of the commit

git status: Returns the current status of local repo. including any untracked or changed files 
            that are not explicitly left out of the repo with .gitignore

Question 6

git log --follow Vehicle.h

Question 7

git log --all --grep='file'

Question 8

Inheritence:   Inheritence is the ability to base objects off of other objects 
               allowing the use of parent class attributes and methods.

Polymorphism:  The concept that multiple classes can use the same interfaces 
               and the class must provide implementations of the interface 
               (e.g. printing to std::out in cpp).

Encapsulation: The concept of bundling all methods and attributes to work within 
               a single object together. When attempting to interact with the Car 
               class, the Car class already includes the methods required to 
               interact with the car's engine, wheels, etc.

Question 9

The main difference between the Integration Manager workflow and Dictator/Lieutenant 
workflow is that in the Integraton Manager workflow, there is only one stage of conflict 
resolution performed before the push to the "blessed" repository. The Dictator/Lieutenant 
workflow has two stages of conflict resolution before any code is pushed to the "blessed" 
repository.

Question 10

100 deveopers trying to work in a centralized workflow would most likely cause endless 
merging and file conflicts. The benefit of working within a Dictator/Lieutenant workflow 
could mitigate this by centralizing merges to select developers. The dictator will only 
have to handle conflicts from the lieutenants and the lieutenants will only have to handle 
merge conflicts within the assigned subset of developers